# Not production ready for several reasons

* `nl.openweb.topology.clients/consume-all-from-start` does not wait till ready, which can cause inconsistencies. This can be improved by checking the end offsets before using `consumer.seekToEnd()` and return only once these are reached.
* Nothing is implemented to prevent two concurrent modifications on the same aggregate. Ideally you work with version numbers, and the first to hit the 'server' is accepted.
* It's not possible to quickly read in a certain aggregate. Because of Kafka all the events need to be read, and we can't just get the events with a certain key. The only way to work around this would be to have some other way of accessing the data, for example by building a server with a gRPC interface on top of Kafka.
* Both the Command Handler and the Projector use a in memory db, that just keeps growing and at some point causes them to crash. You still want to keep something in memory. For the Command handler you could keep the recent aggregates, and have some way or checking the existence or state with the server. For the Projectorr you could use something like [crux](https://github.com/juxt/crux). Crux has the added advantage of making queries related to time easy, and we already have the event times.
* A saga should end within the timeout, currently 1000ms, and on the same instance it was started. They could end in a sort of limbo and not ever complete. They might also need to take longer than that. It's possible to leverage Kafka to manage which saga is handled by which instance. It's not easy to solve however, because some event crucial for the saga processing might have passed while the assignment of the saga is changed. There is no easy way to properly rebuild the saga state, although all relevant events use the same key.
* A command message or query message might be lost if it's not consumed right after it's put on Kafka. This might be leveraged by directly passing the message to the correct instances. This might be done by adding a server. This might be based on the Avro messages.
* There is just one Kafka broker, and it hasn't setup to be secure. Ideally we have 3 brokers at minimal to prevent losing data. The brokers should be secured, for example using ssl certificates. Kafka also supports settings acls, so for eexample only the command-handler is allowed to produce to the event topics.
* When restarting the Projector, it will send all the transactions again. This can be prevented by either checking the time of the events, and not sending the 'derived' events when it's already much later. Another way to handle this, is to think of these as subscriptions, much like the GraphQL subscriptions. So instead of just putting it all on Kafka, it needs a client to subscribe to updates. This is the way it's done in Axon using an QueryUpdateEmitter, see the [example](https://github.com/gklijs/bank-axon-graphql/blob/e59b83f9d9ed0f133495ba8d92fcd327542ff0bc/projector/src/main/kotlin/nl/openweb/projector/TransactionProjector.kt#L44) from the similar project.